Next up, we're gonna be creating products
and while we'll be able to add them via the Dashboard
we're also gonna learn how to actually add data
from the front end of our actual sick Fitz application.
So the, the sort of the process
of adding a new piece of data is very much the same.
Now that we have Keystone set up, we have auth done.
We don't have roles and permissions done yet
but now every time you want to add a new piece of data
it's pretty much the same, same approach.
So what we're going to do here is we're going to go
to our schemas folder, make a new file.
Let's call it capital P Product.js, no .ts .
See that's what?
Three times I've done it.
Now, next up, what we want to do is export const.
We'll make it a product and that is a list.
Let's see can we auto import that list?
Boom. Sure can.
Alright.
Inside that list we have, we'll say TODO Access.
So we'll say access is that,
we'll comment that out for now.
Just cause we don't, we don't have that yet.
And then we have fields.
So what fields do we want?
All we want that product is going to have a name
which is text and it is all we got to import text.
Yep.
Boom. Oh, that one auto imported.
Good. I don't know what it is.
Sometimes it works.
Sometimes it doesn't, but it's getting better.
Is it required?
Yes, it is.
What else do we got here?
We have the description
and that is also text and the not is required.
That's not tr...
We don't have to pass that one cause it's not.
But we do have to pass some information about the UI
and the UI is displayMode is going to be whoops.
Look at that input or text area by default is input
but we can also set it to texture.
That's see.
That's another really nice thing about TypeScript.
Is like how did I know that? I didn't.
I didn't even have to go to the docs for that.
I didn't have to check
what the spelling of this was I simply just like,
Oh, I think it's the Description or displayMode.
Get that.
Boom. And what are my options?
Oh, text area.
I'm off to the races.
Okay. So we had our Name, our Description.
We also are going to have a Status Dropdown
but let's make sure this is just working for now.
So let's go into our Keystone.js
Well, let's go to our lists where we already have our user
and we'll duplicate that and say product, boom.
And so we have our product here.
Did it auto import? It sure did.
We got a bit of a red underline.
Let's deal with that right now.
Import should occur after Keystone.
Okay. That's fine.
Usually it fixes itself
but we'll move it down there and that fixes it.
Okay. Maybe we need to pu pu pu there we go.
Reorder them for it to be happy.
Okay. And then we can restart the sucker
and we should see products
in the sidebar with the fields that we've, we've got so far.
Here we go.
Products. You can create a Product Name, Description.
Let's just say, test.
This is a test product.
Go ahead and create it.
Boom. And we'll go to our products.
Here we go.
But we need more than that than just name and description.
We need a Status because sometimes you want to be working
on adding a product, but you don't want it to show up
on the front end until it is right.
So we can say the Status is going to be a select box.
So let's try import the select box.
Did that work?
Yes it did.
um mm inside of that, we have options
which is an array.
And each of those is an object that has a label of DRAFT
And a value of DRAFT Cal caps.
And then duplicate that we'll call it available.
I just like to do this transform uppercase little shortcut
in VS code.
And then here, we'll just call it Unavailable
and put Un in front of there.
We can give it a default value of draft and let's see
let's see where that gets us.
So there's a couple more options we can give it
but I just like to see the, the basics of it running.
All right, it's running.
So click through to this one.
There we go.
I've got our Status; Draft, Available, Unavailable
and other possible options that we have
is we can have a couple more UI options here.
Say displayMode.
It could be equal to a Select box
which it is or segmented-control.
And then you can also hide it from the Create View.
So if you click on here, Create Product, if like
or if you want to have like a nice, quick Create View
you can just hide specific items from here
because I don't know, maybe there's a hundred fields in it.
You just want to quickly create a product and then go in
to this UI while you do it in the way that we
can do that is I would say create view is equal to
fieldMode is hidden.
You can see what all the possible options are edit
or hidden.
Pretty, it's very simple.
We honestly, we aren't using that all that much
because we're going to be doing most
of the data from the front end of react application.
But I thought I would show you that just because it's
it's neat to know that Keystone has such fine grain control
over this whole admin UI.
So last thing we need here is a price,
which is an integer and that auto imported as well.
Look at that, it auto imports it
from the fields and then we will TODO photo.
We're gonna add a photo
but that's going to be a relationship.
So we will come back to that in the next video.
So kill your build restarted again
see how we get this like Status.
This is like a nice little segment of control.
Instead, you can just quickly change it from one to another.
And then the price I'm going to add.
One thing about those courses.
We are doing prices in cents.
I always do my prices in cents for whenever I do something.
So if it's $24,
it's 2400 cents that allows us to never have to deal
with decimals or rounding issues or anything like that.
You simply just give it a, a nice int.
So that's called an integer versus a float
which would have a decimal.
So available, go ahead and save changes.
Go back to our products.
We have our Name and our Status.
And now if you click Create Product, you see how that
what was this field called?
The Status field is not showing up in this Create View.
That's because we have set the Create View
to fieldMode of hidden.
It only shows up when we get there.
Alright.
So don't create too many products yet
because both I have dummy data for you.
And also we're going to have to talk
about uploading images in the next video.